AI-generated content may be incorrect

Karolina Walczynska started transcription

Karolina Walczynska
0 minutes 3 seconds0:03
Karolina Walczynska 0 minutes 3 seconds
OK, recording has started. OK, guys. So welcome everyone. Thanks for joining the COE Cloud Platform Readiness Office Hours session. I'm really glad we have you here. The goal of the sessions is to give you an opportunity to better understand the specific SDLC activities.
Karolina Walczynska 0 minutes 23 seconds
Supported by each COE. We have Jennifer here, but from what I've heard, Donovan, I don't know who will join, but we have Jim and Harry with us too to help in this topic. This is a good space to ask questions about what's expected of you or your team.
Karolina Walczynska 0 minutes 41 seconds
I don't know if you guys have specific presentation or you just have like materials to explain your area. Feel free to do whatever you want and I guess with that I will hand over to you to kick us off.
Karolina Walczynska 0 minutes 57 seconds
Whomever wants to start? Oh, you got a presentation. Great. So later on with the presentation, I can add it to the Teams channel together with the recording. OK, go ahead. Thank you.

Jim Hull
1 minute1:00
Jim Hull 1 minute
We do.
Jim Hull 1 minute 11 seconds
Very good. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everybody. My name is Jim Hull. With me today are Jennifer Borchinger and Haley Kelly. Jennifer's coming from us from the Process Engineering side of CPE under Cloud Enablement and Haley and I are coming in from Project Management serving the Product Technology organizations.
Jim Hull 1 minute 31 seconds
We are going to talk to you today a little bit about the Cloud Product Readiness onboarding process for Panel Products. This is a new Platform Readiness Product onboarding process that has been established.
Jim Hull 1 minute 49 seconds
To help us Product Engineering CPE get our products to market faster. Now what this looks like is Product Managers are going to be evaluating the deployment and support needs for the products that are being deployed into Hyland Cloud.
Jim Hull 2 minutes 7 seconds
Right now the process is targeting Onbase, Perceptive and any third-party products that integrate with Pano products. So examples of those might be Office Broker or HIDP, also known as Skilljet.
Jim Hull 2 minutes 23 seconds
Alfresco and Nuxio are currently being evaluated for a future state as far as onboarding is concerned and at CIC has its own product onboarding process. We will not be covering CIC onboarding here.
Hailey Kelley 12 minutes 11 seconds
Begins. So the Product Manager is expected to start the requirements checklist and then also begin the hosting standards assessment. These two steps must be completed before the CPR intake form can be submitted. So once these are done, then we'll move into the next phase, which is delivery.
Hailey Kelley 12 minutes 29 seconds
Here, the checklist and the assessment are finalized and then the CPR intake form is submitted. From there, your work will be prioritized and then the onboarding process will begin and actually also end in this phase as well.
Hailey Kelley 12 minutes 46 seconds
So now that we've walked through the process and how it fits into the SDLC, let's talk about where you can go if you have questions or you need support. If you're looking for more details or you need help just navigating this process as a whole, there are some key resources available to you.
Hailey Kelley 13 minutes 1 second
The team has a Confluence site that covered the entire cloud onboarding process. So this site it includes a getting started guide which Jen shared a list of products that are already cloud ready. You can view current onboarding requests. There's helpful how to articles and then you also could see the full set of Cloud Platform Readiness play.
Hailey Kelley 13 minutes 21 seconds
So this will be your go-to hub for self-service information, documentation, any guidance. But if you need to connect with someone directly, you can connect with the team through the group e-mail or you can contact them directly through the Cloud Platform Readiness Team's channel. So whether you prefer e-mail or chat, we're here to support you through the process.
Hailey Kelley 13 minutes 42 seconds
And that wraps up the overview of the Cloud Platform Readiness Process and the resources available to you. Um, does anyone have any questions or need anything clarified? We'd love to hear from you.

Jim Hull
14 minutes 4 seconds14:04
Jim Hull 14 minutes 4 seconds
God, you came up mute. Yeah. What you got? What you got for us, Sir?

Scott Anderson
14 minutes 4 seconds14:04
Scott Anderson 14 minutes 4 seconds
And get on camera. Hey, I have. I have a really, really specific question since no one else threw one out there yet. In the CPR requirements checklist there is at the bottom of the first table a line item called expected SLA and.
Scott Anderson 14 minutes 24 seconds
I just, I was going through my first checklist the other day and I wasn't sure what that meant. I wasn't sure if it meant like the Cloud SLA, like gold, platinum, double platinum, or if it meant something about the turn around time for this form or or what so.
Scott Anderson 14 minutes 40 seconds
That was one question I had.

Jennifer Borcherding
14 minutes 43 seconds14:43
Jennifer Borcherding 14 minutes 43 seconds
So that helps us. Part of the onboarding process is actually doing a disaster recovery test. And so they need to know the SLA, what's this contracted in order to complete that Dr. test. So for the products, what is the I guess turnaround time when it comes to the Dr. test?
Jennifer Borcherding 15 minutes 3 seconds
That's what we're using it for.

Scott Anderson
15 minutes 5 seconds15:05
Scott Anderson 15 minutes 5 seconds
You know, would that fall under like a gold, platinum, double platinum categorization?

Jennifer Borcherding
15 minutes 11 seconds15:11
Jennifer Borcherding 15 minutes 11 seconds
For cloud, I mean we've we've.

Scott Anderson
15 minutes 15 seconds15:15
Scott Anderson 15 minutes 15 seconds
I'm just not sure what to write in there, right? Like.

Jennifer Borcherding
15 minutes 15 seconds15:15
Jennifer Borcherding 15 minutes 15 seconds
We have pulled the products SLA.
Jennifer Borcherding 15 minutes 20 seconds
Um, let me find the link here.

Scott Anderson
15 minutes 21 seconds15:21
Scott Anderson 15 minutes 21 seconds
Yeah.

Jim Hull
15 minutes 35 seconds15:35
Jim Hull 15 minutes 35 seconds
While she's looking for that documentation, I thank you, Scott, for raising that question up. And anybody else that has questions or opportunities about this process, please let us know. This is a brand new process that we've stood up. What our overall objective was is to reduce, again, we've talked about reduce the time to market for everybody.
Jim Hull 15 minutes 52 seconds
We're hoping that by consolidating this down, having a dedicated team and partnering with product on this process, having you in the room for part of this conversation during the process will help all of us be able to get these things accomplished. So feel free to raise up the questions. Feel free to ask us. We encourage it helps us.
Jim Hull 16 minutes 12 seconds
Refine this and make this better for Hyland.

Scott Anderson
16 minutes 19 seconds16:19
Scott Anderson 16 minutes 19 seconds
And Jennifer, while you're looking for it, I'll bring up one other question. If in that same table where we're talking about the different clouds, Cloud, Colo, AWS and Highland Manage Government Cloud, if we have a product say that's already I would say guys up and running in the regular Highland Cloud.
Scott Anderson 16 minutes 38 seconds
Cloud colo or AWS and we and we need to onboard it to the government cloud specifically. I've got it one in that situation. Should I just check Hyland Managed Government Cloud and and maybe the sub check boxes or what's?

Jennifer Borcherding
16 minutes 53 seconds16:53
Jennifer Borcherding 16 minutes 53 seconds
Yeah. In that case, if it's already a product that's approved for the cloud, yeah, you just we wouldn't need it to go through the government cloud since it's more strict.

Scott Anderson
17 minutes 2 seconds17:02
Scott Anderson 17 minutes 2 seconds
OK, perfect.

Jennifer Borcherding
17 minutes 3 seconds17:03
Jennifer Borcherding 17 minutes 3 seconds
Yep. And I put a link out there. It's to the service class manual. So yeah, it does look like, um, knowing if it's silver, gold, platinum, um, for the business continuity is what we're looking for there.

Scott Anderson
17 minutes 16 seconds17:16
Scott Anderson 17 minutes 16 seconds
Perfect. Thanks.

Jennifer Borcherding
17 minutes 17 seconds17:17
Jennifer Borcherding 17 minutes 17 seconds
Mhm.

Jim Hull
17 minutes 21 seconds17:21
Jim Hull 17 minutes 21 seconds
And to build upon that question from Scott, part of this onboarding process isn't just limited to just getting into a cloud environment. As Jen mentioned, there's disaster recovery involved with this. There's compliance involved with this. We've tried to assemble all of the team members necessary to make sure that when you check that box.
Jim Hull 17 minutes 40 seconds
Whether it be a Colo or Highland Gov Cloud, whatever that may be, we've got the right people in the room to continue to move this together. So it's not just focused on just CPE, it's it's all aspects of CPE and compliance and making sure that we're getting the right information from products so that we're not looking at gated activities that can keep it moving forward.
Jim Hull 18 minutes 9 seconds
What other questions do we have?
Jim Hull 18 minutes 19 seconds
As a reminder for everybody right now, this is OnBase perceptive third party applications which do integrate with Pano products. We're evaluating Nexio and Alfresco. This is sparkly new. Help us evolve it, make it better for everybody. Again, this is a Highland opportunity, not just a.
Jim Hull 18 minutes 39 seconds
Product, not just a CPE, but your input will be helpful.

Karolina Walczynska
18 minutes 52 seconds18:52
Karolina Walczynska 18 minutes 52 seconds
If there are no other questions, I just posted on the chat information that the recording will be available today. Like within 30 minutes I would just like upload it to you on TV. Every SDLCCOE group has their own channel around SDLC team.
Karolina Walczynska 19 minutes 12 seconds
So we'll be monitoring that with SDLC team to grow like with series. So if there are like any other questions, please post them and they will answer. We'll let them know for sure.
Karolina Walczynska 19 minutes 27 seconds
I guess the next thing will be thanking you guys for showing up. Jim, Jennifer, will you give me the presentation? I can upload it to the channel so the teams could review first recording and then presentation and then go back.
Karolina Walczynska 19 minutes 47 seconds
To you if any questions, I will definitely help with that.
Karolina Walczynska 19 minutes 52 seconds
I guess that's it for today's office hours. I don't know if you guys want to add anything. Is there any questions that came up last couple of seconds?
Karolina Walczynska 20 minutes 5 seconds
Bryan Cara, if not anything from you, then I will just call it.

Speaker 1
20 minutes 14 seconds20:14
@1 20 minutes 14 seconds
All good. Thanks, everyone.

Marcus Gilbert
20 minutes 16 seconds20:16
Marcus Gilbert 20 minutes 16 seconds
Thanks for the details. Take care. Thanks. Bye.

Karolina Walczynska
20 minutes 16 seconds20:16
Karolina Walczynska 20 minutes 16 seconds
OK. Thank you.

Jennifer Borcherding
20 minutes 17 seconds20:17
Jennifer Borcherding 20 minutes 17 seconds
Thank you.

Karolina Walczynska
20 minutes 19 seconds20:19
Karolina Walczynska 20 minutes 19 seconds
Thank you.

Matt Houser
20 minutes 19 seconds20:19
Matt Houser 20 minutes 19 seconds
And so.

Karolina Walczynska stopped transcription